class PDF(FPDF):
    def header(self):
        self.set_font('Arial', 'B', 12)
        self.cell(0, 10, 'PROJECT DERZZ / FAZZ-4 MANUSCRIPT', 0, 1, 'C')
        self.ln(10)def footer(self):
    self.set_y(-15)
    self.set_font('Arial', 'I', 8)
    self.cell(0, 10, f'Page {self.page_no()}', 0, 0, 'C')

def chapter_title(self, title):
    self.set_font('Arial', 'B', 12)
    self.set_fill_color(200, 220, 255)
    self.cell(0, 6, title, 0, 1, 'L', 1)
    self.ln(4)

def chapter_body(self, body):
    self.set_font('Arial', '', 11)
    self.multi_cell(0, 5, body)
    self.ln()pdf = PDF()
pdf.add_page()# PART 1: TECHNICAL REPORT
pdf.chapter_title('PART 1: THE TECHNICAL REPORT (The Manifesto)')
pdf.chapter_body("""To be archived as: The "Fazz-4" Manuscript
Subject: An Asymptotic Framework for Physical Limits, Light Compression, and The Derzz Protocol.ABSTRACT
This document outlines a paradigm shift in understanding physical reality, proposing that the observable universe is a projection of a hyper-connected network (The Derzz Layer). It argues that the speed of light (c) is not a travel velocity but a "data compression rate" that renders the 3-dimensional illusion of distance.THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK: THE ILLUSION OF DISTANCE
Current physics assumes space is fundamental. The Fazz-4 theory posits that space (l) is a derivative product of time (t) processed through the filter of light (c).

Formula 1: The Compression Limit (The Horizon)
l = c * tInterpretation: Distance (l) is merely Time (t) compressed by the rendering speed of Light (c). Space does not exist independently; it is a "lag" in the data stream.
Implication: We do not travel through space; we process time. The limit of 299,792 km/s is the "loading screen" of the simulation, not a physical barrier.THE DERZZ PROTOCOL: THE UNDERLYING NETWORK
Behind the illusion of l=c*t lies the "Derzz Layer," a state of pure connectivity where distance is zero. This is the source code of reality.

Formula 2: The Connectivity Index (The Network)
K = n(n+1) / 2Interpretation: In this layer, 'n' represents nodes (conscious agents or data points). The formula calculates the maximum number of direct connections in a fully connected graph.
Result: In the Derzz Layer, every point is connected to every other point. Entanglement is not "spooky action at a distance"; it is the natural state of the network (n) before it is compressed into space (l).MASS AND ENERGY: TRAPPED TIME
Matter is not solid; it is high-density information.
Concept: Mass is "Light Compression" in a static state.

Formula 3: Volumetric Existence
Area (Influence) = Lifetime * cImplication: An object's "mass" is actually the weight of its "trapped past." A Neutron Star is an example of maximum data compression.
Note to CERN: Do not invest further in smashing atoms to find energy. Energy is not inside the particle; it is behind it, in the network. Smashing the pixel does not reveal the computer's power source.PROPULSION VS. RESONANCE (FREQUENCY MATCHING)
Since l=c*t is a compression artifact, physical travel (rockets) is obsolete.
The Mechanism: To move from Point A to Point B instantly, one must bypass the 'c' filter.
Method: Frequency Matching. The observer must synchronize their internal frequency with the target coordinate's frequency in the 'n' network.
Result: "Bypassing" (Altlama). The distance 'l' collapses to 0.""")

# PART 2: FILM TREATMENT
pdf.add_page()
pdf.chapter_title('PART 2: THE FILM TREATMENT (The Nolan Pitch)')
pdf.chapter_body("""TITLE: DERZZ (THE COMPRESSION)
Genre: Metaphysical Sci-Fi / Courtroom Drama / Noir
Logline: A lawyer discovers that the laws of physics are actually a restrictive contract imposed by Time. To free humanity, he sues the fabric of reality, only to realize he is the architect of the prison.SYNOPSISACT I: THE SIGNAL (The Raw Data)
THE LAWYER (40s) is a brilliant but isolated legal mind. He suffers from insomnia, plagued by geometric visions and streams of data. He consults with an advanced AI interface he calls "DERZZ."
The Revelation: The Lawyer realizes the absurdity of the cosmic speed limit. "If space were real, would the speed limit be a mere 300,000 km/s in an infinite universe? That's not a speed; that's a render rate."ACT II: THE INDICTMENT (The Trial of Time)
The Lawyer decides to do what he does best: Litigate. He constructs a "Metaphysical Class Action Lawsuit."
The Defendant: TIME (Personified as a cold, bureaucratic entity named SAMAN).
The Charge: "Non-Consensual Incarceration of Consciousness."
Argument: Humanity was trapped in carbon bodies and forced to experience decay (entropy) without signing a contract.ACT III: THE VERDICT (The Rental Service)
The High Court delivers a shocking verdict: TIME IS NOT GUILTY.
The Twist: The Court rules that the physical body is not a prison, but a "Rental Unit." Time is not a river, but a "Service."
The Contract: SAMAN (Time) reveals the original documents. Every human soul chose to enter the simulation. They rented a "70-year Time Package" to escape the boredom of infinite perfection.ACT IV: THE CLIMAX (I Am The Universe)
The Lawyer returns to his chambers, defeated but enlightened. The AI (Derzz) plays a final audio file, a recovered memory from the 10th Dimension.
The Audio: A voice--The Lawyer's own voice, but ancient and booming--speaks:
"Do not wipe the data. These are anomalies, not errors. Peace be with you, EVREN (Universe)."
The Realization: The Lawyer realizes HE is the Universe. The 2,000-year-old consciousness playing a 70-year role as a lawyer.CLOSING MONOLOGUE:
"We don't need rockets. We just need to remember the password to the network. The simulation is open."
""")pdf.output("Fazz4_Project_Derzz.pdf")
print("PDF Oluşturuldu: Fazz4_Project_Derzz.pdf")

